Now that I have done a bunch of longer projects in the last couple weeks I have come to realize how long you could be working on something that seems so simple or looks simple but in reality it takes several hours to make it as simple as it can be. I will adapt to this by taking breaks now and then if I get stuck or if I have been working on a specific part for a long time. I will also take a break when I completed something and can go on to the next section. When we did the Choose-Your-Own-Adventure project we didn't know how to use html so we had to do everything in javascript but still didn't know how to do a lot of things. For the description of the room you can make a variable that calls the document.createTextNode element that outputs the specific text that you want when you want it. You can do that not just for the description of the room but for every action that you take. There are 4 different data structures and they all differ as to the effect they give off. For Linked list you should use this when you want to make a list that just goes from the next one to the next one and has no specific pattern. For a queue you should use this if you are wanting to make a line of events. For a stack you should use this if you want to store stuff like inbox emails or pile of books. Finally you have a tree which is like it says a tree of events comming from the top and extending all the way down. The document object model or DOM is a tree like structure and it wouldn't work as effective with any of the other data structures.
