

The most interesting thing so far that I learned is learning how to do binary and how easy it is to calculate any number that you need. With low level programming you use easy to know language or neutral elements and not the use of high details in abstraction. Where with high level programming you need abstraction to get all the details  off the computer that is needed to understand even the most complicated programming languages. In javascript values and types  appear and disappear after you are done with them in each line that you use them in. They have advantages and dis advantages to this. The advantages is that it doesn't use up to much memory because in some languages the value will stay there until you tell it to either use the value or get rid of the value it never just disappears like in javascript. A disadvantage is that if you use to many values on a single line the computer will run out of memory and that is a bad thing for the computer because you won't be able to use most things on the computer until you get more memory. Another advantage is as soon as you don't need that value anymore you can go to the next line and it will disappear leaving behind just bits of memory to be recycled as building materials for the next value that you will need to use. Like I said it could help you by taking up memory but as soon as you don't need it anymore it disappears and removes itself from the hard drive and gives you back all the memory it used. It doesn't help when you use too many values in a single line and it overloads the memory causing the computer to crash and no longer work until you get more memory or find a way to clear up the memory that it takes up.
